Add the ability for caches to use a local site redirector (#61)
opensciencegrid/docker-xcache: atlas-xcache/README.md

- `XC_BLOCKSIZE`: The size of the blocks in the cache
- `XC_PREFETCH`: Number of blocks to prefetch from a file at once

### Use a local redirector (optional) ###

> To configure your cache to make use of a local site redirector, set the following environment variables in the same file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure your cache in clustered mode to make use of a cache redirector, set the following environment variables in the same file
```

as above:

> - `XC_REDIRECTOR_FQDN`: the hostname of your local site redirector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `XC_REDIRECTOR_FQDN`: the hostname of your local cache redirector.
```
